Enable BNB multi-backend support (#31098)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/llava_next.md

### Quantization using Bitsandbytes

> The model can be loaded in 8 or 4 bits, greatly reducing the memory requirements while maintaining the performance of the original model. First make sure to install bitsandbytes, `pip install bitsandbytes`. If you want to run bitsandbytes on CPU or other devices, please follow the [instruction](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation). Simply change the snippet above with:

Reviewer: Same here?
```suggestion
The model can be loaded in 8 or 4 bits, greatly reducing the memory requirements while maintaining the performance of the original model. First make sure to install bitsandbytes, `pip install bitsandbytes`. If you want to run bitsandbytes on CPU or other devices, please follow [these installation instructions](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation). Simply change the snippet above with:
```
